( vehicle engine idling )
Two words: road trip.
(  majestic theme playing  )
BOULDER:
We're gonna need a bigger road.
Okay, that pedal's the gas,
and that one's the brake.
Thanks, Cody. I have two
of my own, remember?
What's that thing
Kade's playing with?
The GPS.
Just planning my date
with Hayley tomorrow.
We'll start with a picnic.
Nothing says romance
like some hummus by the river...
Fasten your seat belt, and
you're ready to roll, Heatwave.
Watch the sun go down
over Mt. Griffin.
We should probably
bring a blanket.
Hey, lover boy,
can we begin now?
Well, whenever you're--
Whoa!
(  dramatic theme playing  )
Hard to believe this is
Heatwave's first driving lesson.
Kade must be
a really good teacher.
Aah! Slow down!
Relax. I'm a vehicle
myself, remember?
Attention, Rescue Team.
I'm in pursuit of a speeder
on Old Canyon Road.
Anyone else in the area,
we sure could use a hand.
KADE:
Aah! Oh, no!
Oh, Daddy!
( siren blaring )
(  suspenseful theme playing  )
( gasps )
♪  A routine patrol
With four bots in stasis ♪
♪  Years later awoke
In the strangest of places  ♪
♪  Earth was their home now
And in addition  ♪
♪  Optimus Prime
Gave them this mission  ♪
♪  Learn   from the humans
Serve and protect  ♪
♪  Live in their world
Earn their respect  ♪
♪  A family of heroes
Will be your allies  ♪
♪  To others remain
Robots in disguise  ♪
♪  Rescue Bots
Roll to the rescue  ♪
♪  Humans in need
Heroes indeed  ♪
♪  Rescue Bots
Roll to the rescue  ♪
♪  Rescue Bots  ♪
♪  With Cody to guide them
And show them the way  ♪
♪  Rescue Bots
Will be saving the day  ♪
Roll to the rescue  ♪
♪  Rescue Bots  ♪
(  dramatic theme playing  )
( siren approaching )
Come out, citizen,
and be embraced
by the firm,
but fair hand of the law.
I think I'm gonna...
Oh...
So...driving lesson's over?
(  disco theme playing  )
( gasping, laughing ):
Oh, no! Ooh! Ah!
Blades, look at you.
Whoo! They don't call me
"Swivel Rotors" for nothin'!
Hey, Frankie. I'm riding my bike
to the museum. You want to come?
( giggling ):
Oh! Sorry, Cody.
Maybe later, after Stage 12.
( sighs ):
Okay.
Yeah! Way to go!
DANI: Whoo-hoo!
HEATWAVE:
Flank takes your Guard.
And Archer takes your Flank.
What? Ugh.
Whoa! What's this called?
The Cybertronian name is
essentially untranslatable.
"Chase Always Wins"
comes pretty close.
Can I play?
Presently, the game is
programmed for only two players.
Perhaps you should speak
to Dr. Greene.
He and Francine assisted us
with its construction.
Sure is nice not having
to act like bucket-heads
around those two anymore.
Um, maybe we can
hang out later?
HEATWAVE:
Okay, beat this move. I dare ya.
(sighs):
Great.
KADE:
Try it again, Dad!
( engine sputtering )
Never letting Heatwave
near this thing again.
Hey, Boulder, Doc.
That's cool.
Doc and I have been doing
a little R & D.
Needs more D.
Ever since Boulder began sharing
his Cybertronian technology
with me, the ideas keep coming.
In addition to all the updates
to the firehouse, I've had...
43 new inspirations.
Forty-four, if you include
my inspiration counter.
Tell him about the vacuum
accelerator, Doc.
This small tube accelerates
the natural process
of sub-molecular
oscillation...
Allowing physical mass
to overcome spatial restraints.
Uh...I was with you
up until "small tube."
I'll demonstrate.
Hmm, we need
a test subject. Ah!
Just press the remote...and...
Hey! Who stole my tools?
( all giggle )
Not stolen. Teleported.
Noble! Can that teleporter
move anything? Anywhere?
Theoretically.
Yeah, so where did it
theoretically
move my toolbox to, Doc?
We don't know where the
teleported objects go precisely.
Uh, but we can
bring them right back.
( remote clicking )
That is, we should be able to.
The test object
always returned before.
Some new factor must have
altered the mechanism.
But what's changed?
Cody, check this out.
(  whimsical theme playing  )
I installed
a mobile command center,
like the one
inside the firehouse.
It's fully loaded.
( command center beeping )
And apparently operational.
Emergency dispatch.
( Mr. Whitaker speaks
indistinctly )
We see you, Mr. Whitaker. I'll
send somebody out right away.
Dad, a parasailer got
caught on the lighthouse.
He's stuck up there.
Meet me in the garage, team.
(  dramatic theme playing  )
HEATWAVE:
Rescue Bots, roll to the rescue.
Mr. Whitaker, GPS says
help should be there
in about...two minutes.
I can buy Kade a new toolbox,
but a new teleporter will be
a bit harder to come by.
Uh...found it.
What wonderful news!
This proves the device can
teleport even gigantic objects.
Daddy!
I'm pretty sure
Cody was inside
that particular gigantic object.
Oh, my.
( cell phone ringtone plays )
Hello?
DOC GREENE:
Cody, where are you?
In the MHQ.
At the river?
(  dramatic theme playing  )
DOC GREENE:
Which side?
Neither!
(  dramatic theme playing  )
( gasps )
Cody, do you see the teleporter?
It must be somewhere near you.
Got it!
FRANKIE:  Dad says there's
a reset button on the side.
Try pushing it.
Nothing happened. Now what?
We're on our way!
Perhaps my remote will
do the trick once we're closer.
In the meantime, Cody,
think buoyant thoughts!
( grunting )
( siren approaching )
Hey, that's Taylor.
Do you remember, Blades?
We helped land his plane?
I never forget a rescue.
But I didn't know his name.
Funny that you do.
I pay attention
to the other pilots.
Name two others.
( sighs ):
Just drop your winch, okay?
( laughs )
So what am I supposed to do?
Why does it always
have to be about you?
( grunts )
You're where?
All right, stay put, son.
Do not try to get out
on your own.
Somehow, Doc's device
teleported Cody to the river.
He said you could
explain it, Boulder?
Well, um, the small tube
oscillates molecules
on a subatomic level,
and then it--
Later. Vehicle mode, please.
You too, Chase.
Heatwave's staying
with you, Kade.
It's not like
he's doing anything.
( groans ):
You do know we're
on the same Com-Link, right?
Fine. Heatwave, with me.
Let's move, team.
(  dramatic theme playing  )
Kade, we'll fly you
as close as we can.
Be careful
with this one, okay?
KADE:
Always am.
Be extra careful.
This one's name is Taylor!
Blades, I'm never oiling
your gearbox again.
( gasps )
( grunting )
Aah!
( both grunting )
Hold on!
( gasps ):
Kade? Kade, can you hear me?
Hi. Taylor, right?
Can I be honest? This is
kind of a goofy sport.
(  dramatic theme playing  )
Wh-- Where did they go?
( gasping ):
You know, next time
you try this goofy sport,
I'll teach you
how to land properly.
Well, next time, don't run
into a lighthouse,
and I won't need
to land.
Ah! Aah!
Ah, looks like
you sprained your ankle.
Better stay off it until
we can call for a ride.
What, do you think
you're some kind of doctor?
EMT training on the mainland.
( snorts ):
Yeah. Uh, hey,
where's my Com-Link?
( animal panting )
( growling )
On second thought, maybe you
should try walkin' after all.
I don't need any help. Aah!
(  dramatic theme playing  )
Oh, the teleporter still isn't
responding to the remote, Dad.
There must be a more powerful
signal overriding ours.
We need to give
the remote a boost.
Won't be necessary, Doc.
We can boost the whole MHQ.
Cody, are you all right?
Yeah, but I'm kinda wishing
I brought a bathing suit.
DANI:
Dad, are you there? It's Kade.
He's lost in the mountains
somewhere with Taylor.
So, Hot Shot couldn't handle
things by himself, huh?
The parasail flew off
with them holding on to it.
We're searching, but--
Even if we found them, the trees
are too dense for me to land.
As soon as Cody's safe,
we'll meet you at the end
of the Old Canyon Road
to initiate a ground search.
( grunting )
Cody! Hang onto something!
(  dramatic theme playing  )
Aah!
Climb out toward me, Cody!
Ugh!
CHIEF:
What?
FRANKIE: Cody!
DOC GREENE: Boiling chips!
Where did the MHQ go?
( grunts )
Aah!
Ugh!
Aah! Ugh!
Not good!
( grunting )
There are times when I wish
gravity were not a law.
( grunting )
Aah!
I know I said I missed
hanging out with you guys,
but this is not
what I had in mind.
On the plus side, I bet hardly
anyone gets a view like this.
Yeah, there's a reason
for that.
May Day! SOS! This is
not a test! Mommy!
Those are all the human
distress signals I know.
Chase, where are you?
CHASE:
We find ourselves
in a precarious position
atop Mt. Griffin.
And he means the very top, Dad!
We see you, Cody.
There is no way this is gonna--
work!
( bear growling )
(  dramatic theme playing  )
( grunting )
We're better off up here
than trying to outrun a bear.
I'd only have to outrun you.
Look, I know
you rescued me and all,
but can you try being
a little bit friendly?
Sorry. I guess my sister got
all the charm in the family.
Yeah, all the looks too.
Ha. Huh?
( growling )
( grunting )
Kade's not gonna
like that.
Blades! You're a sight
for sore optics.
(  dramatic theme playing  )
( both grunting )
Ugh! Let's hope I have enough
oomph to get you out of here!
CODY:
The teleporter!
Unh!
Blades! We're falling
too fast. Slow down.
( grunting ):
I never thought
I'd hear you say that.
Unh. What is this thing,
anyway?
A small tube that...
(  dramatic theme playing  )
Well, that was fun.
Much better.
( sighs ):
This mobile headquarters
is way too mobile.
Cody!
Oh, Cody.
Ugh! This thing is
nothin' but trouble!
( grunts )
Hey! Doc and I put
a lot of thought into that!
Apparently, not enough.
No more sightseeing.
We're going to find Kade.
You mean drive there?
In this? No way.
Kade and Taylor are
in a forest so dense,
you couldn't get through,
let alone this monster.
Ugh.
Too bad we can't
teleport there.
Even if we knew where Kade was,
there's no way to control
where the teleporter takes us.
The river, the mountain...
And then, oddly,
an outdoor cinema.
The device's range of
destinations does seem random.
Wait, it's not random.
Cody, can you call up
the MHQ's GPS from back here?
Sure.
(  whimsical theme playing  )
Those are all the places Kade
was talking about taking Hayley.
He programmed them in here
to plan his route.
BLADES:
That's amazing!
You actually pay
attention to Kade.
Don't you dare tell him.
When the Command Center
went online,
it took over
the teleporter's controls.
So if we are able to determine
Kade's current coordinates--
And Taylor's...
( both giggle )
We should be able
to program them
into the GPS
and teleport there!
Except...
Uh-huh. Yeah...
(  slow dramatic theme playing  )
How far did you
throw that thing?
Nobody complained
when I was lobbing champ
three years running.
CODY:
Dad!
We were halfway up Mt. Griffin
when we got your call.
( sighs ):
It's hard keepin' up
with all of you.
And the strangest thing happened
on the way here.
This hit my windshield.
It must have teleported itself!
Um...sort of.
I'll explain later.
Did you ever have the feeling
you were a few steps behind?
More like a whole staircase.
( roaring )
(  dramatic theme playing  )
I think that's Bear
for "you are lunch."
Yeah? Then let's send him
to another restaurant.
( grunts )
( panting )
Not bad! Maybe my sister
was right about you.
Dani? She knows who I am?
What did she say?
DANI:
Kade. Kade, come in.
( roars )
He's still not
answering.
That doesn't mean the Com-Link
isn't putting out a signal.
(  dramatic theme playing  )
( beeping )
Found it. Heatwave?
I'm entering Kade's
coordinates into the GPS.
Strap in.
But how do we determine
precisely when we're going to--
( roaring )
(  dramatic theme playing  )
( horn honks )
( roars )
( engine sputters )
Come on.
( growling )
Rah!
( whimpering )
Oh, thank goodness
you're not hurt.
Uh...check out the foot.
Oh, I meant--
I-- I mean, uh...
Oh. So ask her out already!
( giggles, sighs )
(  dramatic theme playing  )
Somehow, a family always ends up
back together, doesn't it?
Take us home, son.
Ready, everybody?
Ready.
Affirmative.
Let's go.
Let's do it.
Yep.
I just had another
inspiration! That makes 45!
Heh. I'm not sure you should
count the teleporter, Daddy.
Yeah, it's still
a little--
--unpredictable.
(  dramatic theme playing  )